 ### PHP Unit Test

This project uses PHPUnit for unit testing. To run the tests, you will need to have PHPUnit installed. You can install PHPUnit using Composer by running the following command:

```bash
composer require --dev phpunit/phpunit
```

Once PHPUnit is installed, you can run the tests by running the following command:

```bash
phpunit
```

The tests will be run in the `tests` directory. PHPUnit will generate a report of the test results in the `build` directory.

### Node Modules

The `node_modules` directory contains the dependencies for the project. These dependencies are installed using npm. If you need to install the dependencies, you can run the following command:

```bash
npm install
```

### Public Directory

The `public` directory contains the files that are served to the web browser. The `build` directory contains the compiled JavaScript and CSS files. The `hot` directory contains the files that are used for hot reloading. The `storage` directory contains the files that are uploaded by users.

### Storage Directory

The `storage` directory contains the files that are uploaded by users. The `.key` files are used to encrypt the files.

### Vendor Directory

The `vendor` directory contains the third-party libraries that are used by the project.

### .env File

The `.env` file contains the environment variables for the project. These environment variables are used to configure the project.

### .env.backup File

The `.env.backup` file is a backup of the `.env` file.

### .env.production File

The `.env.production` file contains the environment variables for the production environment.

### .phpunit.result.cache File

The `.phpunit.result.cache` file contains the cached results of the PHPUnit tests.

### Homestead.json File

The `Homestead.json` file is used to configure the Homestead development environment.

### Homestead.yaml File

The `Homestead.yaml` file is used to configure the Homestead development environment.

### auth.json File

The `auth.json` file contains the authentication credentials for the project.

### npm-debug.log File

The `npm-debug.log` file contains the debug logs for npm.

### yarn-error.log File

The `yarn-error.log` file contains the error logs for yarn.

### .fleet Directory

The `.fleet` directory

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.blackbox.ai)